src/articles/how-it-works.md, before:

## Why we read selectors right to left?

### Short answer

Because the browser is doing the same!

### Long answer

Consider you have a `<p/>` tag and the browser needs to check
if it matches the following declaration `.container > div p`,
it compares this `<p/>` tag to its parent and start asking the following questions:

- Is this `<p/>` descendent of a `<div/>` tag?
- If yes, is this `<div/>` a **_direct_** descendent
  of an element with `container` class?
- If yes, then this `<p/>` is eligible to the declaration block
  `{ color: red, font-size: 1.3rem}`

On the other hand, we have two issues reading left to right:

1. These selectors will be evaluated in which scope?
2. Performance. Imagine the browser start to match
   a `.container` elements and start to climb down the DOM
   searching for direct `<div/>` tag and then search for `<p/>`
   tag as a child of the previous element, just to find out
   that this `.container` doesn't have a direct `<div/>` or it
   has but doesn't have a `<p/>` tag!

For more info on that matter I recommend checking this page on [CSS Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/why-browsers-read-selectors-right-to-left/)

## What stands out in our service?

### Code Explanation

1. We offer translating code into a human comprehensible language.
2. We support experimental and suggested features,
   while displaying a flag with the info.

   Examples of code explanation:

   - `.test::part() { }`

     ![Experimental Feature](../assets/articles-assets/experimental-feature.jpg)

   - `.test:blank { }`

     ![Not Supported Feature](../assets/articles-assets/not-supported-feature.jpg)

3. We support pseudo classes and elements taking selector list as an argument.

   Example:
   `p:not(.active) { }`

   ![Pseudo Class Not](../assets/articles-assets/pseudo-class-not.png)

4. We support `nth` pseudo class selectors.

   Example:
   `div:nth-child(2n+5) { }`

   ![Pseudo Class Nth](../assets/articles-assets/pseudo-class-nth.png)

5. We support media query explanation.

   Example:

   ![Media Query Support](../assets/articles-assets/media-query-support.jpg)

### Code Smelling

We evaluate obsolete and contradictory declarations.

Here are some few examples of many:

- `span { margin: 10px }`

  The browser will not apply margin-top and margin-bottom
  on a `<span/>` in its initial display property.

- `div { position: absolute; display: block; }`

  `display: block` is obsolete as the element is in a `postilion: absolute`
  which will behave as a `block` element anyway.

- `div { margin: 2% }`

  We will simply show a warning here to alert the developer
  that padding and margin with percentage values
  are calculated compared to width of the parent!

  Example:

  ![Code Smelling](../assets/articles-assets/smelling.jpg)

Commit message:

docs: :memo: add the non written smelling feature in the documentation

src/articles/how-it-works.md, after:

## Why we read selectors right to left?

### Short answer

Because the browser is doing the same!

### Long answer

Consider you have a `<p/>` tag and the browser needs to check
if it matches the following declaration `.container > div p`,
it compares this `<p/>` tag to its parent and start asking the following questions:

- Is this `<p/>` descendent of a `<div/>` tag?
- If yes, is this `<div/>` a **_direct_** descendent
  of an element with `container` class?
- If yes, then this `<p/>` is eligible to the declaration block
  `{ color: red, font-size: 1.3rem}`

On the other hand, we have two issues reading left to right:

1. These selectors will be evaluated in which scope?
2. Performance. Imagine the browser start to match
   a `.container` elements and start to climb down the DOM
   searching for direct `<div/>` tag and then search for `<p/>`
   tag as a child of the previous element, just to find out
   that this `.container` doesn't have a direct `<div/>` or it
   has but doesn't have a `<p/>` tag!

For more info on that matter I recommend checking this page on [CSS Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/why-browsers-read-selectors-right-to-left/)

## What stands out in our service?

### Code Explanation

1. We offer translating code into a human comprehensible language.
2. We support experimental and suggested features,
   while displaying a flag with the info.

   Examples of code explanation:

   - `.test::part() { }`

     ![Experimental Feature](../assets/articles-assets/experimental-feature.jpg)

   - `.test:blank { }`

     ![Not Supported Feature](../assets/articles-assets/not-supported-feature.jpg)

3. We support pseudo classes and elements taking selector list as an argument.

   Example:
   `p:not(.active) { }`

   ![Pseudo Class Not](../assets/articles-assets/pseudo-class-not.png)

4. We support `nth` pseudo class selectors.

   Example:
   `div:nth-child(2n+5) { }`

   ![Pseudo Class Nth](../assets/articles-assets/pseudo-class-nth.png)

5. We support media query explanation.

   Example:

   ![Media Query Support](../assets/articles-assets/media-query-support.jpg)

### Code Smelling

We evaluate obsolete and contradictory declarations, but our strongest feature is that **we smell the non written**.

**We evaluate your code with the user agent style sheet.**

Here are some few examples of many:

- `span { margin: 10px }`

  The browser will not apply margin-top and margin-bottom
  on a `<span/>` in its initial display property.

- `div { position: absolute; display: block; }`

  `display: block` is obsolete as the element is in a `postilion: absolute`
  which will behave as a `block` element anyway.

- `div { margin: 2% }`

  We will simply show a warning here to alert the developer
  that padding and margin with percentage values
  are calculated compared to width of the parent!

  Examples:

  ![Code Smelling](../assets/articles-assets/smell-non-written.jpg)

  ![Code Smelling](../assets/articles-assets/smelling.jpg)
